.TH BFINST 8 "June 2020"
.SH NAME
bfinst \- Install Yocto on the BlueField eMMC
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bfinst
.RB [ \-\-help | \-h ]
.PP
.B bfinst
[options...]
.B \-\-minifs
.PP
.B bfinst
[options...]
.B \-\-fullfs
.I ROOTFS_FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
Installs the Yocto Project reference distribution (sometimes referred to as
BlueOS) to the eMMC. All partitions on the device must first be unmounted.
.B Running this command will destroy data on the eMMC,
with the exception of the persistent partition, when not given the
.B \-\-fmtpersist
option. See
.BR bfpart (8)
for more detail on partition layout for installation. This script will update
ATF and UEFI by default. Use
.B \-\-skip-boot-update
to skip this step.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--minifs"
Installs the currently running rootfs to the eMMC. This option is useful when
running on an initramfs passed over the rshim device.
.IP "--fullfs ROOTFS_FILE"
Installs ROOTFS_FILE to the eMMC. Only tar.xz is supported.
.IP "--unloadmods"
Unload various mellanox kernel modules after partitioning the eMMC, before
installing the rootfs.
.IP "--fmtpersist"
If a persistent data partition is present on the eMMC, destroy it and create
a new one during installation. If this option is not specified, all persistent
data will be ignored by the installer.
.IP "--persistcfg"
Enable the persistent /etc feature. All modifications to /etc will be stored
on the persistent partition, and will not be wiped by default in subsequent
installs. No validiation is performed on whether the old changes are compatible
with the new base rootfs.
.IP "--skip-boot-update"
Skips the installation of new boot firmware.
